download.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: Download
group: navigation
order: 3
description: ""
---
{% include JB/setup %}

Pre-compiled binary releases are available for Windows 7 / 8 / 10 / embedded XP only. Plus can be built on Linux and Mac OSX operating systems as described in the [Developer's guide](developersguide.md). Plus applications running on a different operating systems can exchange data between each other through OpenIGTLink.

- **[Latest stable release](http://perk-software.cs.queensu.ca/plus/packages/stable/)**
- **[Latest development snapshot](http://perk-software.cs.queensu.ca/plus/packages/nightly):** contains the latest features and fixes but it is not tested as thoroughly as stable releases

**Editions**

- PlusApp-...**-Win32**: Generic 32-bit release. To be used on 32/64-bit Windows 7, 8, 10 systems. Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...**-Win64**: Generic 64-bit release. Package to be used on 64-bit, Windows 7, 8, 10 systems. Executables are 64-bit applications. It can record more frames in memory and reconstruct larger volumes than the 32-bit release but less hardware devices are supported
- PlusApp-...-**Ultrasonix-5.7-Win32**: Package to be used on Ultrasonix systems (running on Windows XP embedded or Windows 7 operating system); running Ultrasonix Exam software version between 5.7.0 and 6.0.2. MicronTracker and Microsoft Media Foundation imaging devices are not supported. Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...-**Ultrasonix-6.1-Win32**: Package to be used on Ultrasonix systems (running on Windows XP embedded or Windows 7 operating system); running Ultrasonix Exam software version 6.1.1 and later. MicronTracker and Microsoft Media Foundation imaging devices are not supported. Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...-**ThorLabs-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to ThorLabs spectrometers on 32/64-bit, Windows 7 and Windows 8 systems. Requires ThorLabs drivers installed (otherwise Plus applications will fail to start). Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...-**Interson-MTC-3.7-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to Interson USB ultrasound probes on 32/64-bit, Windows 7 and Windows 8 systems. Requires Interson USB probe drivers installed (otherwise Plus applications will fail to start). With MicronTracker 3.7 SDK support. Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...-**Telemed-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to Telemed Ultrasound systems on 32/64-bit, Windows 7 and Windows 8 systems. Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...-**BK-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to BK Ultrasound systems on 32/64-bit, Windows 7 and Windows 8 systems. Requires BK OEM interface license. Package is available on request.
- PlusApp-...-**StealthLink-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to Medtronic navigation systems through StealthLink interface on 32/64-bit, Windows 7 and Windows 8 systems. Requires StealthLink license. Package is available on request.
- PlusApp-...-**OptiTrack-Telemed-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to Telemed Ultrasound systems and to OptiTrack using Motive 2.0 on 32/64-bit, Windows 7 and Windows 8 systems. Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...-**spryTrack-Telemed-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to Telemed Ultrasound systems and to spryTrack on 32/64-bit, Windows 7 and Windows 8 systems. Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...-**fusionTrack-Win64**: Package to be used for connecting to Atracsys fusionTrack for 64-bit, Windows 7 and Windows 8 systems. Executables are 64-bit applications.
- Mac OS X and Linux packages can be built with limited hardware device support. Post a message on the message board if help is needed.

**Supported devices in latest development snapshots**

<table border="0" cellspacing="0">
	<colgroup>
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
	</colgroup>
	<tbody>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="width: 89px; height: 20px;"> </td>
			<td style="width: 64px;">Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 79px;">Win64</td>
			<td style="width: 99px;">Telemed<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 107px;">Ultrasonix-5.7<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 152px;">Ultrasonix-6.1<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 135px;">MTC-3.7<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 139px;">Interson-MTC-3.7<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 139px;">ThorLabs<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 128px;">StealthLink</td>
			<td style="width: 99px;">spryTrack-Telemed<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 99px;">fusionTrack<br />
			Win64</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">NDI Polaris &amp; Aurora</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">NDI Ascension</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">NDI Certus</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">MicronTracker (3.7)</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">OpticalMarkerTracker</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">OpenCV Video</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Stealthlink</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Ultrasonix (5.7)</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Ultrasonix (6.1)</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Telemed</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Interson</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Microsoft Media foundation</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Brachy steppers</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">ThorLabs spectrometer</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">OptiTrack<br />(Motive 1.10.3)</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">OptiTrack<br />(Motive 2.1.1)</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Intel RealSense</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">spryTrack</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">fusionTrack</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

**Notes**

- Note: some browsers may indicate that the installers are malicious files. This is a common problem when offering download of executable files (for example see discussion [here](https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/r-9JQIboUmc)). If you doubt the safety of a package, download it and before you run it, submit to online malware scanners, such as https://www.metascan-online.com or https://www.virustotal.com/.
- If Plus applications fail to start, install Microsoft Visual Studio redistributable packages:
  - MSVCP120.dll missing => [install VS2013 redistributable](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=40784) and restart your computer
  - MSVCP140.dll missing => [install VS2015 redistributable](https://www.microsoft.com/en-ca/download/details.aspx?id=48145) and restart your computer
	- Embedded XP requires XP SP3 and Visual Studio 2013 Redistributable x86 installed.

<p style="text-align: right;"> <a href="http://c3.gostats.com/summary.xml?id=352601" target="_blank" title="statistics"><img alt="statistics" border="0" src="http://c3.gostats.com/bin/count/a_352601/t_4/i_79/z_0/show_visitors/counter.png" style="border-width: 0px; width: auto; height: auto; display: none !important;" /></a></p>

Commit message:

Clarify Windows support for Plus packages

download.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: Download
group: navigation
order: 3
description: ""
---
{% include JB/setup %}

- **[Latest stable release](http://perk-software.cs.queensu.ca/plus/packages/stable/)**
- **[Latest development snapshot](http://perk-software.cs.queensu.ca/plus/packages/nightly):** This contains the latest features and fixes, but it is not tested as thoroughly as stable releases.

**Editions**

General Note:
- 32-bit applications are supported on both 32/64-bit versions of Windows.
- 64-bit applications are only supported on 64-bit versions of Windows.
- Plus applications running on different operating systems can exchange data between each other through OpenIGTLink.

Supported on Windows 10, Windows 8.1:
- PlusApp-...**-Win32**: Generic 32-bit release.  Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...**-Win64**: Generic 64-bit release. Executables are 64-bit applications. It can record more frames in memory and reconstruct larger volumes than the 32-bit release but less hardware devices are supported
- PlusApp-...-**ThorLabs-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to ThorLabs spectrometers. Requires ThorLabs drivers installed (otherwise Plus applications will fail to start). Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...-**Interson-MTC-3.7-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to Interson USB ultrasound probes. Requires Interson USB probe drivers installed (otherwise Plus applications will fail to start). With MicronTracker 3.7 SDK support. Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...-**Telemed-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to Telemed Ultrasound systems. Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...-**spryTrack-Telemed-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to Telemed Ultrasound systems and to spryTrack. Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...-**fusionTrack-Win64**: Package to be used for connecting to Atracsys fusionTrack. Executables are 64-bit applications.

Supported on Windows 7 or Windows XP Embedded:
- PlusApp-...-**Ultrasonix-5.7-Win32**: Package to be used on Ultrasonix systems (running on Windows XP embedded or Windows 7 operating system); running Ultrasonix Exam software version between 5.7.0 and 6.0.2. MicronTracker and Microsoft Media Foundation imaging devices are not supported. Executables are 32-bit applications.
- PlusApp-...-**Ultrasonix-6.1-Win32**: Package to be used on Ultrasonix systems (running on Windows XP embedded or Windows 7 operating system); running Ultrasonix Exam software version 6.1.1 and later. MicronTracker and Microsoft Media Foundation imaging devices are not supported. Executables are 32-bit applications.

Other:
- PlusApp-...-**StealthLink-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to Medtronic navigation systems through StealthLink interface on 32/64-bit, Windows 7 and Windows 8 systems. Requires StealthLink license. Package is available on request.
- PlusApp-...-**BK-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to BK Ultrasound systems on 32/64-bit, Windows 7 and Windows 8 systems. Requires BK OEM interface license. Package is available on request.
- PlusApp-...-**OptiTrack-Telemed-Win32**: Package to be used for connecting to Telemed Ultrasound systems and to OptiTrack using Motive 2.0 on 32/64-bit, Windows 7 and Windows 8 systems. Executables are 32-bit applications. Package is available on request.

Mac OS X and Linux:
- Plus can be built and packaged for Linux and Mac OSX operating systems as described in the [Developer's guide](developersguide.md). If help is needed, [submit an issue on the GitHub project page](https://github.com/PlusToolkit/PlusLib/issues/new).

**Supported devices in latest development snapshots**

<table border="0" cellspacing="0">
	<colgroup>
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
		<col />
	</colgroup>
	<tbody>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="width: 89px; height: 20px;"> </td>
			<td style="width: 64px;">Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 79px;">Win64</td>
			<td style="width: 99px;">Telemed<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 107px;">Ultrasonix-5.7<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 152px;">Ultrasonix-6.1<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 135px;">MTC-3.7<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 139px;">Interson-MTC-3.7<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 139px;">ThorLabs<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 128px;">StealthLink</td>
			<td style="width: 99px;">spryTrack-Telemed<br />
			Win32</td>
			<td style="width: 99px;">fusionTrack<br />
			Win64</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">NDI Polaris &amp; Aurora</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">NDI Ascension</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">NDI Certus</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">MicronTracker (3.7)</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">OpticalMarkerTracker</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">OpenCV Video</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Stealthlink</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Ultrasonix (5.7)</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Ultrasonix (6.1)</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Telemed</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Interson</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Microsoft Media foundation</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Brachy steppers</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">ThorLabs spectrometer</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">OptiTrack<br />(Motive 1.10.3)</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">OptiTrack<br />(Motive 2.1.1)</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">Intel RealSense</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">spryTrack</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
			<td>N</td>
		</tr>
		<tr height="20">
			<td height="20" style="height: 20px;">fusionTrack</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>N</td>
			<td>Y</td>
		</tr>
	</tbody>
</table>

**Notes**

- Note: some browsers may indicate that the installers are malicious files. This is a common problem when offering download of executable files (for example see discussion [here](https://productforums.google.com/forum/#!topic/chrome/r-9JQIboUmc)). If you doubt the safety of a package, download it and before you run it, submit to online malware scanners, such as https://www.metascan-online.com or https://www.virustotal.com/.
- If Plus applications fail to start, install Microsoft Visual Studio redistributable packages:
  - MSVCP120.dll missing => [install VS2013 redistributable](http://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=40784) and restart your computer
  - MSVCP140.dll missing => [install VS2015 redistributable](https://www.microsoft.com/en-ca/download/details.aspx?id=48145) and restart your computer
	- Embedded XP requires XP SP3 and Visual Studio 2013 Redistributable x86 installed.

<p style="text-align: right;"> <a href="http://c3.gostats.com/summary.xml?id=352601" target="_blank" title="statistics"><img alt="statistics" border="0" src="http://c3.gostats.com/bin/count/a_352601/t_4/i_79/z_0/show_visitors/counter.png" style="border-width: 0px; width: auto; height: auto; display: none !important;" /></a></p>
